---
title: Privacy Policy
lastUpdated: '2021-07-16T21:00:00.0Z'
description: This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
---

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data when You use the Service or Website and tells You about your privacy rights in relation to the processing of this data.

## 1. Definitions and Scope

**1.1**. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **You** (referred to as either “You”, “Customer”, “User”, or “Data Subject”) in this Privacy Policy) means the individual accessing or using the Service or Website, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service or Website, as applicable.

- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", “Roadie”, “Roadie group companies”, "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Privacy Policy) means Larder Software Limited, trading as Roadie, a company incorporated in Ireland whose registered number is 672354 and whose registered office is at The Black Church, Saint Mary’s Place North, Dublin 7, D07 P4AX, Ireland.

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or Website.

- **Website** refers to Roadie.io, Roadie.so and all subdomains.

- **Service** refers to the “Roadie Platform Subscription” as defined in the Terms of Service.

- **Personal Data** Customer Data that is “personal data” as such term is understood under the GDPR.

- **Cookies** as defined in our Cookie Policy.

- **Device** means any device that can access the Service or Website such as a computer, a mobile phone or a digital tablet.

- **Data Protection Laws** any data protection laws applicable to processing of Personal Data contemplated by this agreement including, without limitation, in particular the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or the European Union Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications (“E-Privacy Directive”) and any related decisions or guidelines and subsequent legislation of a similar nature, and all privacy, security, and data protection laws, rules, and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction including any jurisdiction in which the or Professional Services are being provided or the Personal Data is being processed and any jurisdiction from which Supplier or any subprocessor provides any of the or Professional Services or from which Customer provides Customer’s products or services.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected either generated by the use of the Service or Website or from the Service or Website infrastructure itself.

- **Data Controller**, the person who, either alone or with others, determines the purpose and means of the processing of Personal Data.

- **Data Processor**: a person which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.

**1.2** For the purposes of the Data Protection Laws, either Larder Software Limited or Larder Inc., or any other Roadie group company from time to time, may be the controller of your personal data.

Note: Capitalised terms not defined in the Privacy Policy are as defined in the Terms of Service or the Data Processing Addendum.

## 2. Types of Data We Collect

While using the Service or Website, We may collect the following information:

### **2.1 Personal Data**

- Email address
- First name and last name
- Phone number
- Company name
- Your role in your company
- Location data: Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City, IP address.
- Bank account information in order to pay for products and/or services within the Service or Website such as: VAT number, billing address, credit card information, and other payment related information.
- Usage Data such as: device information, browser type, unique device identifiers, website referral data, pages clicked, linked clicked, interaction time, date and duration.
  -Third party source information such as: interaction data if interacting with our content, company information, social media information including handles and avatars. The source of this data may include social media providers, targeted online advertising providers, or lead generation providers.

### **2.2 Tracking Technologies and Cookies**

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and Website and store certain information, as outlined in our Cookie Policy. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service and Website.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service or Website.

## 3. How We Use Your Personal Data

We may use the information that you have given us for the following purposes:

- **3.1 To provide and maintain our Service and Website:** We process your personal data to perform our contract with you for use of our Service and Website and to fulfill our obligations under applicable terms. Where we have not entered into a contract with you, we process your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests to operate and administer the Service and Website. For example, to create, administer and manage your Account.
- **3.2 For the performance of a contract:** the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service or Website.
- **3.3 Improving the Service and Website:** We process your personal data to improve and optimize the Service and Website and to understand how you use the Service and Website, including to monitor usage or traffic patterns and to analyze trends and develop new products, services, features and functionality in reliance on our legitimate interests.
- **3.4 To contact You:** To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication,regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
- **3.5 To provide You:** with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
- **3.6 To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

**3.7** Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the lawful bases we may rely on for processing this information are:

- (i) Your consent.
- (ii) We have a contractual obligation.
- (iii) We have a legal obligation.
- (iv) We have a legitimate interest.

## 4. How We Share Your Personal Data

We may share your personal information in the following situations:

- **4.1 Service Providers:**
  Consultants and vendors engaged by us to support our provision of the Service and Website and the operation of our business;
  Any such other Processors as may be added to the List of Subprocessors from time to time.
- **4.2 Advertising Partners:** Third party advertising companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your activity on the Service or Website and other online services over time to serve you online targeted advertisements, including the companies listed in our Cookie Policy.
- **4.3 Professional Advisors:** Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors and insurers, in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
- **4.4 Compliance with Law Enforcement:**
  Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
  Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
  Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service and Website; and
  Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
- **4.5 Business Transfers:** Parties to transactions or potential transactions (and their professional advisors) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business, assets, or equity interests of the Company (including, as part of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding).
- **5.5 Intercompany Transfers:** To other Roadie group companies, including Larder Inc. and any such other group companies as may be added to this list from time to time.

## 5. Retention of Your Personal Data

**5.1** The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes, for audit purposes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

**5.2** The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. We retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. If you would like more information about specific retention periods please contact legal@roadie.io.

## 6. Transfer of Your Personal Data

**6.1** Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from Your jurisdiction.

**6.2** Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

**6.3** The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## 7. Security of Your Personal Data

We care about protecting your personal data and this is why we put in place appropriate measures that are designed to secure your personal data. You can find out more about our technical and organizational safeguards by reaching out to us at security@roadie.io.

## 8. Your Rights under the GDPR

**8.1** Under data protection law, if applicable, you have rights including:

- Your right of access - You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
- Your right to rectification - You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
- Your right to erasure - You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
- Your right to restriction of processing - You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
- Your right to object to processing - You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
- Your right to data portability - You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.

**8.2** You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.

**8.3** Please contact us at legal@roadie.io if you wish to make a request.

**8.4** You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.

## 9. Links to Other Websites

Our Service or Website may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## 10. Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service or Website, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## 11. Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us at legal@roadie.io
